Updates README.md (#103)
use-cardano/use-cardano: README.md

The package leverages [lucid](https://github.com/spacebudz/lucid) for transaction building and off-chain code to interact with smart contracts. For more information on that, visit the [lucid documentation](https://lucid.spacebudz.io/).

This package uses blockfrost as the Cardano node provider by default. You can sign up here with a free or paid subscription: [blockfrost](https://blockfrost.io/)

> 
> The following are the current blockfrost proxyUrl's:
> 
> ```
> "https://cardano-testnet.blockfrost.io/api/v0"
> "https://cardano-preview.blockfrost.io/api/v0"
> "https://cardano-preprod.blockfrost.io/api/v0"
> "https://cardano-mainnet.blockfrost.io/api/v0"
> ```
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
"https://cardano-testnet.blockfrost.io/api/v0"
"https://cardano-preview.blockfrost.io/api/v0"
"https://cardano-preprod.blockfrost.io/api/v0"
"https://cardano-mainnet.blockfrost.io/api/v0"
```

```

let's remove these lines because they are not proxy urls, but rather blockfrosts own API urls (see PR comment)

## Minimal Example

```tsx filename="minimal-example.tsx" copy
import "use-cardano/styles/use-cardano.css"
import { useCardano, CardanoProvider, CardanoWalletSelector, CardanoToaster } from "use-cardano"

> const UseCardanoNodeOptions = {
>   provider: 'blockfrost' || 'blockfrost-proxy',
>   proxyUrl: 'https://cardano-mainnet.blockfrost.io/api/v0',
>   projectId: process.env.REACT_APP_BLOCKFROST_PROJECT_ID_MAINNET
> }
> const UseCardanoOptions = {
>   autoReconnect: false,
>   testnetNetwork: 'Mainnet',
>   node: UseCardanoNodeOptions
> }
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const UseCardanoNodeOptions = {
  provider: 'blockfrost',
  // this exposes your API key to the client, consider using blockfrost-proxy instead
  projectId: process.env.REACT_APP_BLOCKFROST_PROJECT_ID_MAINNET
}

const UseCardanoOptions = {
  testnetNetwork: 'Preview',
  node: UseCardanoNodeOptions
}

```

`proxyUrl` is not used when the `blockfrost` provider is used
